.
[upbeat music]
* *
- OK.
Everybody ready?
OK.
All righty, then.
Happy's Place is
open for business!
[bell rings]
What?
- My sweet, brave Bobbie.
No one sees your pain,
no one but me.
- Oh.
- No, come on, come on.
- Gabby, remember how, like,
ten minutes ago,
I told everybody that
now was not the time
to be grieving my daddy?
- I do.
I marveled at your strength.
- And the best way that we
could honor his memory
is by remembering
what he told us.
People come to Happy's Place
to leave their troubles behind.
So let's go out there and show
them the smiles on our faces,
not the...
both: Tears in our eyes.
- That's right.
[sighs]
Oh, see what you do to me?
You know, I'm a wreck.
[sobs]
- Something wrong with her.
Hey, can I get you
something to drink?
- I'm not sure.
I'd love something
for my nerves,
but I'm worried
it's a little early.
- What you need is
some Tennessee coffee.
- What's that?
- Whiskey.
- Sounds good.
Hold the cream and sugar.
- [laughs] I'm Bobbie.
- Isabella.
- Oh, nice to meet you.
- Likewise.
- So you're a little nervous?
Let me guess.
Somebody's been
ghostlighting you.
That's what you kids say,
right?
- I think you mean gaslighted
or ghosted.
And no, I'm waiting on someone,
but he's running a little late.
- Mm. So you're worried
you're being floundered.
- I don't know what that means.
- Yeah, well, it's pretty new.
Probably haven't heard
of it yet.
- Go do something over there.
- Yep.
- So who's this guy
making you wait?
- I got this phone call
from an attorney
and he said it was
really important,
but that he couldn't tell me
any more except in person.
So I'm like, why not?
[laughs]
I mean, it's crazy, but
it's kind of fun, too, right?
- I wouldn't think so, no.
Sounds sketchy to me.
So no more coffee for you
until he gets here
and I can check him out.
- OK.
Well, can I have tea, then?
And by that, I mean gin.
So I'm sorry, but did I hear
your father just died?
- I hope so.
We buried him.
- [laughs]
Oh, my gosh, I'm so sorry.
- Oh, no, no, no.
It's perfectly fine.
He would have loved that joke.
Yeah, he was a great man.
- Must be hard.
- Yeah, I miss him like crazy,
but I'm blessed.
Not many daughters get to spend
as much time with their daddies
as I did.
- I envy you.
That sounds...
[sighs] Amazing.
- Yeah.
- Hey, Bobbie,
I've got the papers.
Can we meet in your office?
- You got it, Jim.
Nice to meet you, Isabella.
- Wait, you're Isabella?
Great.
I'm Jim Jackoway.
I called you.
I'm meeting with you, too.
- Well, this is weird.
[chuckles]
Are you sure
I'm supposed to be here?
- I'm sure Jim will
explain everything.
- I know this is odd,
but there's been a little
hiccup with Happy's will.
And Isabella, you're here
because you two
share something in common.
- What's that?
- A father.
You're sisters.
both: Wait, sisters?
- Hey!
We said that exactly alike!
[upbeat country music]
- * Sometimes it feels like
a big old fight *
* To get through the day and
sleep on through the night *
* But here you'll
find a place *
* That'll surely
lift your spirits *
* You belong
at Happy's Place *
- I'll be right back.
I've just got to handle
a little piece of business.
Coffee.
I need coffee, quick.
- Oh, yeah. OK.
- Not coffee-coffee!
- Sorry!
- OK.
- What happened in there?
You look whiter than usual.
- I thought we were gonna
read Daddy's will.
Jim said there was a hiccup,
Isabella's my sister,
and I must have blacked out,
'cause I have no idea
how I got out here.
- Wait, he's saying
Happy had an affair?
- And that woman
is his daughter?
OK, that is so not right.
- I know.
- I mean, I would kill
to be your sister!
Why couldn't your dad have
cheated with mymom?
- [sighs] I'm shocked!
I mean,
I didn't think Daddy could
ever do anything like this,
'cause he always said that
family was
the most important thing.
- Maybe that's why
he started two of them.
- Bobbie, we're not quite done.
- Ah, I'll be right there.
Steve's got
an accounting problem.
- Don't draw me into
your web of lies.
- This is so weird.
I mean, I know I said
that before, but it is.
It's weird.
Don't you think this is weird?
- Well, I used to practice
in Florida, so not really.
- I'm sorry to
keep you waiting.
Little business out there.
- I'm sorry.
I shouldn't just
take stuff off your wall.
It's just everything in here
all of a sudden has
so much more meaning.
- Daddy hung my drawings
there himself.
- These are yours?
- Uh-huh.
I was five.
A lot of folks thought it was
the work of a seven-year-old.
- You know,
I majored in psychology,
and they say that you can
tell a lot about a person
by what they draw, even
something they did as a child.
It's like a key to
getting inside their head.
- [chuckles uncomfortably]
Really?
[chuckles]
Well, don't go looking in here,
'cause nothing to see.
And by that I mean I'm normal.
[laughs]
Oh, would you not sit there?
- Oh.
- That's Daddy's chair.
- Sorry. I didn't realize
that'd bother you.
- Of course it bothers me.
- It does?
- I mean, that's not weird,
right?
I mean, there's a lot
of people that
don't like people sitting in
their dead relatives' chairs.
That's totally normal.
- Uh-huh.
- OK, I'm not usually this way.
I mean, I'm the sane one
in the bunch.
Just ask anybody.
Everybody else is a little
cock-a-doodle-doo, but not me.
No, sir, I got to tell you
that right now.
Not me.
[laughs]
You're getting in my head,
aren't you?
- Bobbie, I understand
this is a lot to take in.
Your father passed away,
your emotions are raw
and fragile, and--
and then out of nowhere,
here I am,
a sister that you didn't even
know you had.
- It is a lot, isn't it?
- Of course it is.
And I'm processing it, too.
Not quite like you are,
but that's OK.
- Thank you.
- I just want to say
it's important at times like
this to take care of yourself.
And no judging...
I can smell alcohol
on your breath.
- Hey, you were out there
drinking, too.
- You kind of forced it on me.
- OK, that's--that's not--
I was--
OK, I'll stop drinking.
- All we have left to do
is to have both of you
sign these papers.
- What are they?
- Well, as Happy's other child,
he's giving you co-ownership
of this tavern.
You and Bobbie are
gonna be partners.
both: What?
- Are you serious?
Did you hear that?
- Yeah.
Yeah, I heard that.
[chuckles]
It looks like I'm
gonna start drinking again.
.
- It's all happening so fast.
I thought Daddy's death was
gonna be my big life crisis,
and it's only third
on the list this week.
Why did it have to happen
right when he's gone?
I know it's happening
because he's gone.
You don't have to get
so snarky about it.
I just need time.
Time to miss him, you know?
It's so hard to grieve and
be mad at him at the same time.
So I'm just gonna
put my head down,
stick to my schedule,
and let God and time
sort it out.
Did that answer your
original question?
- I asked if you could
order more cheese.
- [chuckling] Yeah, cheese.
Well, like I always say,
if you don't want
to hear about my problems,
don't ask me about cheese.
I'm out.
- [laughs nervously]
Could you please
stand somewhere else?
And maybe breathe
less aggressively?
- See, Steve has a thing
about germs.
He doesn't like people
standing too close.
Or touching his stuff.
- Please do not do that.
- Oh, oh, I can't--
boop!
- Ah.
[disinfectant spray hisses]
- OK, you know,
I'm just gonna touch it again.
Touché.
- So sounds like
you have a little OCD.
- Oh, no, I got a lot of it.
But I'm working on it.
- That's really--
- [laughs nervously]
I can still feel your breath.
- Sorry.
[chuckles softly]
It's just that I noticed that
you're doing the accounting
for the bar
at the bar.
[chuckles]
- Oh, boy.
You're gonna make that
a problem, aren't you?
- No, no--
- Bobbie!
Bobbie, come in here, please!
- All right, what's going on?
- The hiccup is attacking me!
- [gasps]
I was just curious.
I mean--I mean, it is a little
odd he's doing his work here.
- No.
See, it's only odd because
you're paying attention to it.
If you don't think about it,
it's fine.
- What?
- That's true.
And if you want to help
an odd person,
Gabby's right over there.
- I'm not trying
to help people.
I-I just want to know
how things work.
- Oh, that's something
you really don't need
to worry about.
- Um, yeah, I do.
I own half the bar
and I have the right to know.
- Oh, really?
Well, I've been running
this place for ten years.
I earned that right.
- I never had the chance
to earn it.
Who knows how many
opportunities I've been denied
that I didn't even know about?
- Preach it, sister.
[chuckles]
I feel like I have been denied
opportunities just like you.
- Well, you're a white woman,
but y-yeah, OK.
- If you love
analyzing people so much,
why don't you start out
in personnel, then?
Poke around in
everyone else's heads?
- Not me!
- Not Emmett!
- Fine.
I'd love that.
And you'll see
I'm gonna make a difference.
- You really want her
messing around with personnel?
- No, but owning a business
seems like a hoot
when you're just dreaming.
It's dealing with the details
that'll drive you crazy.
- Yeah, but she's gonna
be dealing with us.
- [laughs] Exactly.
[upbeat country music]
- The new girl seems nice.
I mean, a little young.
Kind of a know-it-all.
Difficult to be friends with.
But nice.
- I like her.
She has kind eyes.
- Oh, gag!
You like everybody.
- No, I don't.
I mean,
I like people in general.
A lot of them.
Most, even.
Dang it, you're right.
[chuckles softly]
I like everybody.
- Hey, you guys.
You on a break?
- Yes, but it's OK.
Bobbie lets us sit here.
We used to sit out back,
but then I saw a raccoon, so--
[gasps softly]
- Actually, my break's over.
- Oh.
- Sorry.
- Takoda didn't leave
because of me, did he?
- Oh, no, no.
He's just shy
around the ladies.
Playa got no game.
- Do you have a minute to talk,
or is your break over too?
- Both.
What's on your mind?
- Well...
I think too often,
employees feel like
they don't have a voice.
So I want you to know that
if there are any problems
that you want to talk about,
I'm here.
- Now that you mention it...
I have been kind of lonely.
- Oh.
I meant problems with work,
but go--go ahead.
- It's just--[sighs]
You know, I thought that when
Happy, you know--
[imitates croaking]
- [clears throat]
- That Bobbie was gonna
need a friend.
And that she would finally
turn to me.
I mean, her husband is gone,
her daughter is deployed,
so I should
be her natural go-to.
Should I be lying on a couch
for this or something?
- [laughs] That--
that's not really what
we're doing here.
So how can I help?
- Could you leave
and never come back?
- Excuse me?
- I can't compete
with a sister.
I mean, don't you have someone
to go back to?
- I don't really have anyone,
no.
- A mother?
Boyfriend?
You at least have to have cats.
- Well, this kind of
complicates things
with my mother.
And I just got out
of a relationship,
but I haven't told him yet.
- Great.
I'm screwed because
your life's a mess.
- Can I tell you something
really personal?
- Really?
- Yeah.
- [chuckles softly]
[giggling]
I don't know why I'm giggling.
I, um--it's just
that nobody ever--
OK, go on.
Mm-hmm.
- I'm not very good
at relationships.
I have a lot of trust issues.
- Really?
- Well, it's hard not to when
your own dad doesn't want you.
I didn't even know he existed.
[scoffs]
So I totally understand
how you feel, Gabby.
'Cause I feel lonely, too.
We're both just looking
for a connection.
- I would kill
to be your sister.
[upbeat music]
* *
A-ha! [laughs]
- What are y'all doing?
- Isabella said that
we could use your office
as a new break room.
I'm not so sure about this
chair, though, you know?
This--ah.
- I like this one.
I can see why
you're always sitting in it.
- So Isabella said y'all
could be in here, right?
- Yeah, yeah.
Isn't that sweet?
- Super sweet.
Out!
- Red thunder, red thunder.
- Isabella, what do you think--
- I need to talk to you.
- What?
Now?
But I'm all revved up,
and I don't want to waste it!
Suddenly you feel
the need to talk?
The man who congratulated me
on my ten-year work anniversary
by giving me a thumbs up?
- Why are you being
so hard on her?
You've always said a good idea
can come from anyone.
- I meant anyone I agree with.
- This isn't like you.
- Well, I've got
a lot going on.
Or have you forgotten
our cheese talk?
- Everyone who works here
bugs you in some way,
but you look past that
and make it work
because you are a good person.
You need to go out
and try that with her.
- It's not fair, you
complimenting me when I'm mad.
Fine, but I liked you better
when you didn't talk.
Oh, shut up.
I was reminded
that I'm a good person,
so I'm willing to listen
to your ideas.
- Wow, thanks.
- But just keep in mind,
everything around here
is working just fine.
- Maybe for you,
because you're in control.
And you keep that control
by closing that door
and shutting everyone out,
when all they want to do
is be there for you
and with you.
Just like me, all they want
is to be included.
- Nah, they're good.
- If you're so sure about that,
why don't we ask them?
- You mean like a vote?
How exciting.
There was a time
I wasn't legally allowed to.
It's a long story.
- It's your jobs.
You should have a say.
You can pick me and changes
like the break room,
or Bobbie
and the way things are.
- That just sounds like
someone's feelings
are gonna get hurt.
- Blah, blah, blah.
Let's do this thing.
Everybody get a pen and paper
and write down
who you support,
me or Isabella.
Emmett!
- No.
- Emmett's out.
OK, it's just you guys.
- My pen is missing.
- Oh, I got it.
- I abstain.
- That just leaves you two.
OK. [sighs]
"I choose you both,"
and a smiley face.
- [chuckles]
I wonder whose that is.
- Well, that just leaves Gabby.
Good old, sweet Gabby.
[laughs and sighs]
Isabella.
- [gasps]
- I'm sorry.
She won me over
with her friendliness.
You know I'm not used to that!
- Fine.
Congratulations, Isabella.
- Mm-hmm.
- Oh, come on.
Don't be like that.
So you have to put up
with a few changes.
Big deal.
- It is a big deal.
Everything here
means something to me.
That bass?
Me and Daddy caught it
in Hillside Lake.
That window?
Me and Daddy picked it up on
a trip together in Nashville.
His chair, everything here
says me and Daddy!
- No kidding.
You know what it doesn't say?
Me.
Once again, I'm left out.
- Well, that's not my mistake,
and I shouldn't be the one
who has to pay for it.
[door opens and slams]
- I really shouldn't
be allowed to vote.
.
- Can this wait?
I'm taking a break.
- Think you'll want
to hear this.
I'm leaving.
- Why?
You got what you wanted.
- No, I didn't.
I was hoping to find a place
where I belonged,
but there's nothing of me here.
There's no pictures of me.
[sighs]
None of my drawings
are on his wall.
I've wasted too much of my life
not feeling wanted,
so why should I fight so hard
to stay in a place
that just confirms it?
- Safe travels.
We should keep in touch.
- Really?
- Well, I'm sorry, but this is
too painful for the both of us.
You look at me, and you see
the father you wish you had.
And when I look at you, I lose
the father I thought I had.
- Then I guess it's settled.
[glass shatters]
Oh, I am so sorry!
Oh!
Oh.
Oh, my gosh.
What?
What is it?
- It's your name.
This drawing is yours.
- It's mine?
It's my drawing.
This is my drawing.
He had my drawing on his wall!
- Yeah, he did!
Feel free to take it with you
when you leave!
- Wait.
But this changes things.
- Yeah, it does.
You know, I thought all
this was just a big mistake,
but it's not.
[sighs]
He cared for you,
and he wanted us to be
together for some reason.
I guess we owe it to him
to try to find out why.
- I'd like that.
Can I give you a hug?
- I don't think--
oh!
- You know, growing up,
I always wanted a big sister.
And now I've got one!
- [chuckles uncomfortably]
- Even if she is old enough
to be my mom.
- [laughs]
Oh, honey, this is Tennessee.
I'm old enough
to be your great-grandma.
[upbeat music]
* *
I'm still mad at you.
But I still love you.
You cheating turd.
I've got so many questions.
So if you're looking down,
I'd really appreciate it
if you'd send someone
to help me sort all this out,
'cause I'm lost.
- I heard a sad voice.
- Haven't you had
enough fun today?
* *